---
title: About Ente
description: >
    An overview of Ente: the company, and the people behind it, and the products
    that we make.
---

Ente is a platform for privately, reliably, and securely storing your data on
the cloud. On top of this platform, Ente offers two products currently:

* Ente Photos - An alternative to Google Photos and Apple Photos

* Ente Auth - A (free!) app for storing your 2FA codes.

and more products are in the pipeline.

## History

Ente was the founded by Vishnu Mohandas, who is also the current CEO, in
response to privacy concerns with major tech companies. The underlying
motivation was the understanding that big tech had no incentive to fix their
act, but with end-to-end encrypted cross platform apps, there was a way for
people to take back control over their own data without sacrificing on features.

### What does Ente mean?

In Malayalam, Vishnu's native language, "ente" means "mine". Thus "Ente Photos"
has the literal meaning "my photos".

This was a good name, but still Vishnu looked around for better ones. But one
day, he discovered that "ente" means "duck" in German. This unexpected
connection sealed the deal! We should ask him why he likes ducks so much, but
apparently he does, so this dual meaning ("mine" / "duck") led him to finalize
the name, and also led to the adoption of the duck as Ente's mascot, "Ducky":

![Ente's mascot, Ducky](ducky.png)


# Ente products

In the realm of privacy and protection, we currently offer two products‚ÄîEnte
Photos and Ente Authenticator‚Äîwith Ente Lockers set to join our lineup soon

# Ente photos

Ente Photos goes beyond traditional cloud storage, prioritizing your privacy and
the safety of your cherished memories. All your photos, along with their
metadata, are stored end-to-end encrypted, ensuring that only you have access to
your data.

To fortify the security of your memories, Ente preserves your encrypted photos
across three different clouds in three separate locations, including an
underground fallout shelter. This multi-layered backup strategy guarantees the
utmost safety for your data.

Ente photos is available for Android, iOS, Linux, Mac, Windows and the web.

Ente Photos is not just a storage solution; it's a commitment to safeguarding
your memories.

# Ente auth

Ente auth is not just an authenticator app; it's an open-source initiative
dedicated to securing your 2FA secrets. Now, you can backup and view your
two-factor authentication secrets seamlessly. find more information about the
project on GitHub at github.com/ente-io/auth.

As a token of gratitude to the community that has supported us, Ente Auth is
offered as a free service. In the spirit of transparency, If in the future we
convert this to a paid service, existing users will be grandfathered in.

Ente auth is available on Android, iOS, and the web


# Connect with Ente

## Customer support

Connect with our support team for swift assistance and expert guidance email us
@support@ente.io.
Reach out to our dev team @team@ente.io, even our CEO and CTO personally
responds here.

## Blog

As Ente continues to evolve, So does our story. Follow our blog @
https://ente.io/blog As Ente undergoes continuous growth and development, our
narrative unfolds. Explore our blog for exclusive company updates that offer an
insider's perspective. Regularly visit the Ente blog to maintain your
connection, stay well informed, and draw insipration.

## Roadmap

You plays a pivotal role in shaping the future direction of Ente's product, and
we invite you to be an integral part of it.

Take a look at our roadmap to see where we're headed
https://roadmap.ente.io/roadmap/

# Community

#### Join our vibrant community and stay updated on all things on Ente! Follow us on various platforms for the latest news, updates, and engaging content

#### Discord

Join our Discord for real-time discussions, solutions to queries, and a thriving
camaraderie. Stay updated on all things on Ente!

üê¶ Twitter: https://twitter.com/enteio

üîó Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/enteio

üì∏ Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/ente.app/

üêò Mastodon: https://mstdn.social/@ente

üîó LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ente-io/

